A. Coverage
We will pay for direct physical loss of or damage to
Covered Property at the premises described in the
Declarations caused by or resulting from any Covered
Cause of Loss.
1. Covered Property
Covered Property, as used in this Coverage
Part, means the type of property described in
this section, A.1., and limited in A.2., Property
Not Covered, if a Limit of Insurance is shown in
the Declarations for that type of property.
a. Building, meaning the building or structure
described in the Declarations, including:
(1) Completed additions;
(2) Fixtures, outside of individual units,
including outdoor fixtures;
(3) Permanently installed:
(a) Machinery; and
(b) Equipment;
(4) Personal property owned by you that is
used to maintain or service the building
or structure or its premises, including:
(a) Fire-extinguishing equipment;
(b) Outdoor furniture;
(c) Floor coverings; and
(d) Appliances used for refrigerating,
ventilating, cooking, dishwashing or
laundering that are not contained
within individual units;
(5) If not covered by other insurance:
(a) Additions under construction, alterations
and repairs to the building or
structure;
(b) Materials, equipment, supplies, and
temporary structures, on or within
100 feet of the described premises,
used for making additions, alterations
or repairs to the building or
structure; and
(6) Any of the following types of property
contained within a unit, regardless of
ownership, if your Condominium Association
Agreement requires you to insure
it:
(a) Fixtures, improvements and alterations
that are a part of the building or
structure; and
(b) Appliances, such as those used for
refrigerating, ventilating, cooking,
dishwashing, laundering, security or
housekeeping.
But Building does not include personal
property owned by, used by or in the care,
custody or control of a unit-owner except for
personal property listed in Paragraph
A.1.a.(6) above.
b. Your Business Personal Property located
in or on the building described in the Declarations
or in the open (or in a vehicle) within
100 feet of the described premises, consisting
of the following:
(1) Personal property owned by you or
owned indivisibly by all unit-owners;
(2) Your interest in the labor, materials or
services furnished or arranged by you
on personal property of others;
(3) Leased personal property for which you
have a contractual responsibility to insure,
unless otherwise provided for under
Personal Property Of Others.
But Your Business Personal Property does
not include personal property owned only
by a unit-owner.
c. Personal Property Of Others that is:
(1) In your care, custody or control; and
(2) Located in or on the building described
in the Declarations or in the open (or in
a vehicle) within 100 feet of the described
premises.
However, our payment for loss of or damage
to personal property of others will only
be for the account of the owner of the property.
2. Property Not Covered
Covered Property does not include:
a. Accounts, bills, currency, food stamps or
other evidences of debt, money, notes or
securities. Lottery tickets held for sale are
not securities;
b. Animals, unless owned by others and
boarded by you;
c. Automobiles held for sale;
d. Bridges, roadways, walks, patios or other
paved surfaces;
e. Contraband, or property in the course of
illegal transportation or trade;
f. The cost of excavations, grading, backfilling
or filling;
g. Foundations of buildings, structures, machinery
or boilers if their foundations are
below:
(1) The lowest basement floor; or
(2) The surface of the ground if there is no
basement;
h. Land (including land on which the property
is located), water, growing crops or lawns;
i. Personal property while airborne or waterborne;
j. Bulkheads, pilings, piers, wharves or docks;
k. Property that is covered under this or any
other policy in which it is more specifically
described, except for the excess of the
amount due (whether you can collect on it
or not) from that other insurance;
l. Retaining walls that are not part of a building;
m. Underground pipes, flues or drains;
n. Electronic data, except as provided under
the Additional Coverage, Electronic Data.
Electronic data means information, facts or
computer programs stored as or on,
created or used on, or transmitted to or
from computer software (including systems
and applications software), on hard or floppy
disks, CD-ROMs, tapes, drives, cells,
data processing devices or any other repositories
of computer software which are
used with electronically controlled equipment.
The term computer programs, referred
to in the foregoing description of
electronic data, means a set of related electronic
instructions which direct the operations
and functions of a computer or device
connected to it, which enable the computer
or device to receive, process, store, retrieve
or send data;
o. The cost to replace or restore the information
on valuable papers and records, including
those which exist as electronic data.
Valuable papers and records include but
are not limited to proprietary information,
books of account, deeds, manuscripts, abstracts,
drawings and card index systems.
Refer to the Coverage Extension for Valuable
Papers And Records (Other Than Electronic
Data) for limited coverage for valuable
papers and records other than those
which exist as electronic data;
p. Vehicles or self-propelled machines (including
aircraft or watercraft) that:
(1) Are licensed for use on public roads; or
(2) Are operated principally away from the
described premises.
This paragraph does not apply to:
(a) Vehicles or self-propelled machines
or autos you manufacture or warehouse;
(b) Vehicles or self-propelled machines,
other than autos, you hold for sale;
(c) Rowboats or canoes out of water at
the described premises; or
(d) Trailers, but only to the extent provided
for in the Coverage Extension
for Non-owned Detached Trailers;
q. The following property while outside of
buildings:
(1) Grain, hay, straw or other crops; or
(2) Fences, radio or television antennas
(including satellite dishes) and their
lead-in wiring, masts or towers, trees,
shrubs, or plants (other than “stock” of
trees, shrubs or plants), all except as
provided in the Coverage Extensions.
